[docu-2751] Dynamic log levels (#4789)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/gateway/production/logging/customize-gateway-logs.md

---
title: How to Customize Gateway Logs
content_type: how-to
---

With regulations for protecting private data like GDPR, you may need to customize what {{site.base_gateway}} is logging. If you use Kong as your API gateway, this can be done in a single location to take effect on all of your services. This guide walks you through one approach to accomplishing this, but there are always different approaches for different needs. 

These changes affect the output of the NGINX access logs. This doesn't have any effect on Kong's logging plugins.

For this example, let’s say you want to remove any instances of an email address from your Kong logs. The email addresses may come through in different ways, for example `/servicename/v2/verify/alice@example.com` or `/v3/verify?alice@example.com`. To keep all of these formats from being added to the logs, you need to use a custom NGINX template.

> First, make a copy of {{site.base_gateway}}'s NGINX template. This template can be found in the [Configuration Property reference](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/reference/configuration/#custom-nginx-templates-embedding-kong) or copied from below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make a copy of {{site.base_gateway}}'s NGINX template. This template can be found in the [Nginx directives reference](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/reference/nginx-directives/#custom-nginx-templates-and-embedding-kong-gateway/) or copied from below:
```
